L.O.R.D. Critical World
Episode 8
Who are you?
Disciple of Lord II, Shen Yin.
Disciple of Lord II?
You're disciple of slaughter!
How are you going to kill me?
Please hurry up!
Don't torture me anymore!
Just kill me!
Tian Xin.
What happened?
How did you hurt so badly?
Stop it.
Xue Li!
Please don't die.
Reya, are you happy now?
You didn't forgive her after all.
Of course.
Seeing you killing your beloved woman,
of course I'm happy.
I thought
if I stole your mask,
they would not find you.
But I never thought that
it was me who killed you at last.
Am I allowed to die now?
It's been nice working with you.
Although I received a Red Order to kill Tian Xin,
I didn't have a chance to do it.
That was enough.
Tian Xin was one of my best disciples.
He is smart
and well trained.
So he knew clearly about the rules
in the Heavenly Intelligence Center.
I have to destroy his perception,
then destroy his faith little by little
with the Distract Magic.
And your appearance
destroyed it completely.
So this was your plan all along
to make him puts an end to it himself?
Lord IV's work is really fascinating.
All of my killing has purposes.
Unlike your lord,
who loves to kill.
He's simple but horrific.
Since Lord IV has cut the grass,
there's one more thing I'd like to ask.
Where can I find Lotus?
You know my rules.
A secret for a secret.
What do you want to know?
Do you know how to make different talents
fuse in the body?
I don't know.
Take your time.
Just keep it in mind.
Someday, you'll have my answer.
Fine.
Do you have that attitude
even before Specter?
Since Lotus hid in the Mound,
maybe she's in
the passway of it.
Of course.
Lord Reya,
Lord VII Yin Chen
has left with two disciples.
They trespassed the HIC,
why did you let them go so easily?
Since Yin Chen came to save them personally,
of course I would let him.
How else can I get him on board?
One more thing,
tell Rosemary to show her identity.
Aye.
My lord,
who's buried here?
Tian Xin and his lover.
Tian Xin's dead?
You knew this was coming, why didn't you save him?
He said
it's destined.
Since he betrayed the HIC,
he'd know that he's going to die.
It's just a matter of time.
I asked him to save you and Rosemary,
and for exchange,
he wanted me to bury them together.
Since Tian Xin's dead,
my father's whereabouts become a mystery again.
What was that?
It's an Order from the HIC.
A White Order!
Go to the Mound and get a Halidom.
Great!
A Halidom!
I can have my own Halidom.
The Magician was so powerful,
but he died a horrible death.
Yin Chen,
will a lord protect his disciple forever?
No.
Then,
What if I were in such a danger?
You didn't tell me about that
when you made me your disciple back then.
I will protect you.
But I can't promise to protect you forever.
Destiny
is not a matter of choice.
But I want to have other choices.
It's not up to me to be your disciple.
Besides,
aren't disciples supposed to protect others?
How can it be dangerous to themselves?
If I had known,
I would not have been your disciple.
How about this?
Let's go to the countryside
and run a small tavern.
It may not make us a fortune,
but,
be content with what you have,
am I right?
Seriously.
My dream was to have a big tavern.
But it's always been a pipe dream.
Do you remember Yang Ze?
He got separated from us back then.
I ran into him some time earlier.
As long as he's with us,
there's still hope.
Yang Ze is gone.
What do you mean?
Where did he go?
He's indeed a good friend.
When you're caught in the HIC,
he came all the way over here to ask for my help.
See?
I knew it.
Yang Ze was good to me.
I see.
He must went to his father to ask for money.
It was me who told him to leave.
You?
I also used Magic to get rid of him last time.
And I've warned him
not to come looking for you again.
Yang Ze is my friend.
How can you do that!
I can't choose
my own destiny.
Now I can't even
choose my friends?
Do you know
how much I want my own tavern?
I helped him before.
I deserve that money.
Right there.
Of course.
Yeah,
that's right.
You always have that look.
Every Magician I met is the same.
So arrogant.
So cold.
You think you're better than us?
Do you know what human emotion is?
Do you have any feelings?
From this point,
Tian Xin was so much better than you.
I can't take it anymore.
Tian Xin was right.
We're going to die anyway.
But,
I'd rather not die in the world of Magicians.
It seems that
you're not ready to be a disciple.
I can do it with my hands.
What's with the Magic? What a show-off!
Hey, man.
Is this your boat?
Was there a big ship just now?
Yeah, but it left.
Did it go that way?
Come on! Let's go after it.
Do you have any money?
Of course!
Well...
I'll pay you after we catch up with the ship.
Nonsense!
Go away!
Please take care.
Hope to see you next time.
Welcome.
Are you still hiring?
Don't judge me by my look.
I know how to run a tavern since I was a boy.
I'm quite experienced.
I have five great qualities.
I eat a little,
but I'm very strong.
I know how to solicit customers and brew.
But most importantly,
I'm a lady-killer.
We're well-staffed,
go look for a job somewhere else.
Boss, is it ordered by table two?
Right.
Serve it to table two.
Hey! Wait!
Where is Kynil?
You're only Lord VII.
Why being so arrogant?
Well, I'm in a good mood today
and I'll forgive you for that.
I received a White Order from the HIC today.
It recognized my disciple identity.
By the way,
I have something to take care of right now.
When it's done,
I'll come to the Imperial Capital with you guys.
Kynil is already a big trouble,
if Your Highness wants to go to the Imperial Capital,
please go by yourself.
Now I need to take a rest.
What's with that attitude?
I was being nice to
go to the Imperial Capital with you.
It's Kynil who caused troubles,
why blame me?
Even if I'm a disciple,
I'm disciple of Lord VI.
You're as blind as a bat.
You'll be sorry one day.
Boss,
what do you think?
Am I capable for the job?
I will give you another half day.
For free.
Boss, I want some roast beef, one roast chicken,
a bowl of braised pork,
and a steamed fish, big and fresh.
Serve quickly.
You?
Sorry, Lady.
About the food you just ordered,
I suggest you replace the roast chicken with roast duck,
then change the big fish into a bigger one.
Cut it out.
Aren't you supposed to be
with your Lord Yin Chen?
Why are you here?
What is the purpose of you?
Don't mention him to me.
It's none of your business.
It's all because you that I can't go to the Imperial Capital.
You can't go to the Imperial Capital,
what's it got to do with me?
Go argue with him.
No.
I want to go to the Imperial Capital right now.
Go find Yin Chen with me now.
I don't care.
I'm telling you,
I have nothing to do with that man.
How can you say that?
I will tell you again,
I've already broken off with that man.
If you dare to made me lose this job,
I won't let you off.
Oh, really?
If I can't go to the Imperial Capital,
you can't have a job, either.
What...
Why are you still following me?
Why did you meddle with my business?
Why did you do that to me?
It's all because you that I can't go to the Imperial Capital.
That's why.
If you are so great, just go by yourself.
Why do you want Yin Chen's help?
Moreover,
If it wasn't for you to go to the HIC,
we wouldn't get into such a mess.
I'm telling you,
go to the Windy Restaurant with me right now
and explain everything clearly,
then we'll be even.
So annoying.
What...
Don't test me! I don't fight with girls!
I can't even control myself when I get angry!
Stop your nonsense. Just bring it!
Don't come over.
Ice Fang!
Kynil,
come out!
No, I won't.
I'd rather not.
Kynil,
come on.
Don't mess with me.
Did you feel it too?
Is Kynil in danger?
What is this place? Am I on the hill?
Why is everything so weird?
Hello? Is anyone here?
Is that a girl?
Hey!
Were you attacked by these blood vessels?
I will help you drive them away.
Forget it.
It's none of my business.
Use fire
to get rid of the blood vessels.
They have the Power of Water
and they hate fire.
I am going after them.
Don't.
Just drive them away.
Don't hurt them.
They are gone.
Are you trapped by the ice barrier?
Shall I break it and get you out of there?
Don't.
The blood vessels are attracted by the smell of my blood.
If you break the ice barrier,
they will show up again.
You should go.
Don't mind me.
How can I
leave a girl in the middle of nowhere?
What disciple are you?
How does she know that I am a disciple?
How did you know that?
This is the Mound.
Only disciples and lords who do not have a Halidom
can come in here.
So this is the Mound.
Then you must be a disciple, too.
I can't leave you alone.
I know!
I have Ice Fang.
It can fly.
I will take you out.
Just open the ice barrier.
My Power can come back to me in the Mound.
Focus.
Don't fly too high.
Find an open place and put me down first.
Ice Fang,
fly.
Thank you.
You are welcome.
We are both disciples,
of course we should help each other.
I'm a disciple of Lord V.
My name is Lotus.
Lotus.
Such a beautiful name.
Over there.
Is this Ice Fang?
It's an excellent Beast.
Actually,
you seem to be
the first person riding it.
I'm honored.
She's talking about you.
I need a little time to heal.
Do you want me to help?
Kynil.
Why are you here?
You said there's something to take care of,
was it to go to the Mound and get a Halidom?
Do you know by which portal can we get in the Mound?
Wow! You are amazing!
You healed so fast.
Lords and disciples use the Power to heal.
That's normal.
Comparing to the Immortal Talent,
it's nothing.
The blood vessels just attacked us,
what is it?
I'm not sure.
But I sensed
the Power of Water in them.
The blood vessels are connected to each other.
I'm afraid if one gets hurt,
it will cause some trouble.
I don't know what they are.
Maybe you think too much.
Still, you can't be too careful.
You're right.
Did you just attack me with ice?
I was protecting you.
I'm afraid that you would hurt the blood vessels,
so I drew the blood vessels to me.
You're so nice.
They came at me anyway.
Thank you
for helping me so much.
By the way,
have you got your Halidom?
No. You?
No.
Then do you know which one to take?
Who knows?
I'll just
take a nice one.
Your lord didn't tell you
what Halidom you should take?
So that's how it works.
Yin Chen
didn't tell me anything.
I don't know what's on his mind all day long.
Every disciple can only go into the Mound once.
Even if you don't know what Halidom you should take,
you have to take one.
Otherwise, there will be no chance in the future.
What Halidom are you going to take?
I'm going to take the one
called the Resurgence Chain.
I think it's easy to get.
What about you?
What should I do?
I can use this.
I see.
You can use the Golden Fruit
to find the most powerful Halidom and take it away.
That's right.
This one is for you.
I have another one.
That Yin Chen!
He doesn't tell me anything!
What do you blame your lord for?
It's your temper
that makes him headache.
He didn't tell me anything.
He has a long face every day.
I don't know what he's thinking.
It surprised me that
Lord VII Yin Chen took a disciple.
Do you know my lord?
What kind of person is he?
Why is he always alone?
He has never had disciples.
It was also the arrangement of the Silver Priest.
So,
he is unwilling to
take me as his disciple.
This is embarrassing.
Don't you know
what the disciple means to a lord?
It means one day
he will give his own destiny
to the disciple unreservedly,
and the disciple can inherit it.
If he doesn't trust you,
how can he give you his lord mark?
Well,
he never told me about it.
That's because you didn't tell him
that you want to know about these things.
I want to hurry to find the spirit to leave this now.
Disciple of Lord VI Rosemary,
can I ask you for a favor?
Alright.
Tell me about it.
I'm only a disciple of Lord VI,
how can I help Lord VII?
Please tell Kynil that
the Halidom he'd take is¡­
It's a dead end.
What should we do?
Is that your Beast?
So big.
Go ahead.
See what's on the other side?
It's so fast.
What is its name?
It's Eagle.
Talents of Lord V and disciples
are riding the Beast
and exchanging Beasts and Halidoms with others.
My brother's Beast Silver Dragon
is a gift from me.
I grew up with Beasts,
they're like family to me.
That's nice.
I wish I could have a Lord like a brother to me.
But my Lord,
he didn't even tell me
what Halidom to take in the Mound.
Actually,
I just quarreled with my Lord,
and I ran out.
I came in here by accident.
So it's you
who acted like a kid
in front of your Lord,
am I right?
I acted like a kid?
He is as cold as an iceberg.
It's not possible.
Here it is!
Did you find the exit?
Let's take a ride on Eagle.
Really?
Can I ride your Beast?
I've never ridden someone else's Beast.
Finally.
My brother and I are blood-related.
But since he became my Lord,
I feel
different.
I understand him better,
and I can feel his emotions.
You mean the bond between the Lord and the disciple
is stronger than blood relationships?
Indeed.
Tell me,
do you really think that your Lord is cold and detached?
Then why is that when he said some cold words
and you're not mad at him?
And after you met,
you had an inexplicable emotion and trust in him.
Am I right?
I don't know.
Alright, don't comfort me.
I know I came in here by myself.
But,
isn't he supposed to come and save me?
I don't even know what Halidom to take now.
Maybe I just take a rock or whatever.
Stop acting like a kid.
A lord and his disciple share the same route of power flow,
as long as you concentrate on it,
you can feel him.
And the pain and anxiety in your body
can also be felt by your Lord
no matter where he is.
He must be worried about you
and is trying to help you.
Can he really feel it?
Then,
when I fell into the Mound,
my head was swimming.
And,
my Mark of a Lord felt a sting.
Does that mean he felt me then?
I think
Lord Yin Chen must have known
you strayed into the Mound.
It's just that he couldn't come in again,
so he can't help you now.
Hold on.
I've already told you how to get the Halidom
and how to get out of the Mound.
I also told you
the risks and shortcuts in there.
Your Lord is not around.
So you wouldn't know if it weren't for me.
In exchange,
I hope that you can help me with one thing.
Just tell these
to Kynil.
Make sure he gets his Halidom
and come out safely.
My lord is not around.
But after I find him,
he will tell me everything.
If that's what it is,
then he would teach you
manners of a disciple.
Now you are asking me for a favor.
It seems that you don't know your position clearly.
Kynil just went into the Mound by accident,
why are you so worried?
The silent Yin Chen
talked so much to me
just to save his little disciple.
It must be hard for you.
Well,
I just want to see
how important is a little disciple to you?
What do you want?
I want you
to kneel
and beg me to save your disciple.
I knew it.
Both of you are the same.
You only want to take advantage
but would pay nothing.
If you can't take this one,
of course you rank low.
That's alright.
If I don't go into the Mound,
it's not a big deal.
Just your Kynil can't get out of there.
Deal?
Then I'm leaving.